=> AWS Storage refers to the range of scalable and durable cloud-based storage solutions offered by Amazon Web Services (AWS). 
   It provides businesses and individuals with the ability to store and retrieve their data securely and efficiently in the cloud. 

=> storage limit in for account provide by AWS
1. Free Tier Accounts
   Storage limit is 5 GB.
2. Pay-As-You-Go Accounts (General Accounts)
   Defaullts limit can be create up to 100 buckets per region each bucket can store 5TB data. you can increase your account bucket quota to a maximum of 1,000 buckets 
   by submitting a quota increase request. 
   Individual Amazon S3 objects can range in size from a minimum of 0 bytes to a maximum of 5 TB. The largest object that can be uploaded in a single PUT is 5 GB.

=> Diffirent type of Storages provides by AWS

AWS Storage includes services such as :- 

1. Amazon S3 (Simple Storage Service) for object level storage, 
2. Amazon EBS (Elastic Block Store)  :- EBS provide block level storage volume that can be attach ec2 instance, 
3. Amazon EFS (Elastic File System) for file storage :- EFS provide common storage that can be attach number of ec2 instance,
4. Amazon FSx (File System) :- FSx provide full manage file system optimized for specific workload, Ex. which provide by windows based applications.
5. Amazon Glacier :can tolarate for long-term retrival or archival storage provide by aws is a service. 
6. Amazon s3 Glacier :- Amazon s3 Glacier is a storage class within amazon s3.	

These services offer different features and capabilities to meet various storage needs, such as high-performance storage, backup and restore, 
data archiving, and content distribution.

=> Use Cases (application of storage)

1. Backup and Restore
2. Disaster Recovery (DR)
3. Archive    #An archive is a collection of historical documents or records that are preserved for historical, cultural, research, or reference purposes. Archives 
              can take various forms and include a wide range of materials, Ex. Archives often contain old manuscripts, letters, diaries, legal documents, government records, and other written materials.
4. data lakes and Big data Analytics
5. Hybrid Cloud storage  #Hybrid cloud storage is a cloud computing model that combines the use of both on-premises (private cloud) and public cloud storage resources to create a unified storage environment
6. Cloud Native Apllications  (cloud par hi chalane wale applications)

=> S3 Definition
    Provide objects storage which is built for storing and recovering any amount of data from anywhere over the internet.

> s3 is a object based storage service that offers indusutry leading scalability, data availability, security and performance.
> Industry that can be stored and protect any ammount of data
   Ex. Data lakes (pulling), WebSites, Mobiles applications, backup and restore archieve enterprise applications, 
   IoT devicess (Internet of Things > Sensors, smart TV, smart city Infrastructure, smart speckers, robots, home security system, smart door lock.)

=>Benifits

1. Durability  (99.999999999%, 11 9s of data durability) (we have stored the data is fixed on certain ammount of time data it won't get loss it wiil be their is fixed)  
2. Availability (99.99%)
3. Cost effective
4. Scalability
5. security  Ex. Data Encryptions  (To protect data   when its being Trasmitted and also when at REST) doen not pattern opzopt unauthorized access
6. Object :- object mean consist of Data + Metadata

=> Amazon Features 

1. Storage Classes
2. Bucket Policies
3. Versioning
4. Static Website Hosting
5. Encryptions  (Server-side & client-side ) (To protect data when its being Trasmitted and also when at REST)
6. Transfer Accelarations   #transfer acceleration is a feature that allows you to speed up transferring files to and from your S3 buckets by using Amazon CloudFront's 
                             globally distributed edge locations. This feature can be especially helpful when you need to transfer large amounts of data over the internet.
7. Object Lock
8. Cross Region replications
9. Life Cycle Rule

=> Storage Classes

Amazon s3 offers a range of storage classess design for diffirent use cases.

1. s3 standard 
2. s3 Intelligent-Tiering
3. s3 standard-IA
4. s3 One Zone-IA
5. Reduced Redundancy Storage
6. Glacier
7. Glacier Deep Archive
 