S3-Service…..


Type of aws storage…

Amazon Web Services (AWS) offers several storage services to meet a variety of needs. Here are some of the main AWS storage services:

1.	Amazon S3 (Simple Storage Service): This is a scalable object storage service that provides developers and IT teams with secure, durable, and highly available storage. 
        It is designed to store and retrieve any amount of data from anywhere on the internet.

2.	Amazon EBS (Elastic Block Store): This is a block-level storage service designed for use with EC2 instances. It provides persistent block-level storage volumes for use 
        with Amazon EC2 instances in the AWS Cloud.

3.	Amazon EFS (Elastic File System): This is a scalable file storage service designed for use with EC2 instances. It provides a simple, scalable, and fully managed file system 
        for use with Amazon EC2 instances in the AWS Cloud.

4.	Amazon Glacier: This is a low-cost, secure, and durable storage service for data archiving and long-term backup. It is designed to store infrequently accessed data and 
        provides retrieval times ranging from minutes to hours.

5.	AWS Storage Gateway: This is a hybrid storage service that enables on-premises applications to seamlessly use AWS storage services. It provides a virtual appliance that 
        can be deployed on-premises or in a virtual private cloud to connect to AWS storage services.


6.	Amazon FSx (File System): This is a fully managed file system service that provides shared file storage for use with Windows and Linux workloads. It supports industry-standard 
        file protocols and can be integrated with other AWS services like Amazon S3.


7.	Amazon S3 Glacier: This is a low-cost storage service designed for long-term data archival. It is optimized for data that is rarely accessed and provides retrieval times ranging 
        from minutes to hours.

These AWS storage services can be used individually or in combination to meet a variety of storage needs, from simple file storage to more complex storage requirements for data archiving 
and backup.
