IAM viva questions and answers

1.	What is IAM and how does it work in AWS?
2.	What are the different types of IAM entities in AWS?
3.	How do you create an IAM user in AWS?
4.	What are access keys and secret key, how is gain and how are they used in IAM?
5.	What is the purpose of IAM policies?
6.	How do you create and attach an IAM policy to an IAM entity?
7.	How do you control access to AWS resources using IAM?
8.	What is the difference between identity-based policies and resource-based policies in IAM?
9.	How do you set up multi-factor authentication (MFA) for IAM users?
10.	What is IAM role and how it differs from an IAM user?
11.	What is IAM federation and how is it used?
12.	What is IAM Access Analyzer and how is it used to improve security?
13.	How do you manage and monitor IAM activity and events?
14.	What are the best practices for IAM security in AWS?
15.	Can you explain how IAM integrates with other AWS services such as S3, EC2, and RDS?
16.	How does IAM help organizations achieve compliance with regulatory requirements?
17.	Can you explain the concept of IAM roles and how they are used in AWS?
18.	How do you use IAM to control access to AWS APIs and services?
19.	What is IAM policy evaluation logic and how does it work?
20.	How do you use IAM to enable cross-account access to AWS resources?
21.	What is AWS Single Sign-On (SSO) and how does it work with IAM?
22.	What is IAM Access Analyzer and how does it help identify security risks?
23.	What are the different authentication methods supported by IAM?
24.	How do you use IAM to enable temporary access to AWS resources?
25.	What are the key benefits of using IAM in AWS?
26.	How do you use IAM to enable programmatic access to AWS resources?
27.	Can you explain how IAM policies can be used to grant permissions to users and groups?
28.	What are the different types of IAM policies and when should each be used?
29.	How do you use IAM to manage access to AWS resources across multiple accounts?
30.	How do you use IAM to enable role-based access control (RBAC) in AWS?
